
    Beer and donuts, the meal of champions!
    Mmm...beer.
    There are 10 types of people in the world. Those who understand binary and those who don't.
    Together we stand, divided we fall
    I thought Watney's was an anatomical question until I discovered Ruddles
    The golden rule: He who has the gold makes the rules.
    There are three kinds of mathematicians in the world: those who can count, and those who can't.
    When you are going through hell, keep going. -- Winston Churchill
    The three great virtues of a programmer: laziness, impatience, and hubris. -- Larry Wall
    Apathy in action
    How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ?
    Mmmmmmmmm.........bugs............
    You're some sort of big, fat, smart-bug, aren't you? -- Johnny Rico
    Technicalities are the soul of the law.
    Howdy Howdy Howdy Howdy Howdy Ho!
    Look behind you, a three headed monkey!
    Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
    This statement is false.
    Living on Earth is expensive, but it includes a free trip around the sun
    In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. - Thomas Jefferson
    It's not a bug, it's a feature.
    The perversity of the Universe tends toward a maximum
    Life is pain, your highness.
    Tomorrow never comes for those who live two days in the future
    If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
    A quarter for rent, a pound for sale, a bit for now.
    I'm a Mog, half man, half dog. I'm my own best friend.
    As people say in Africa: people that always are on a hurry are already dead.
    I wouldn't know subtlety if it hit me in the face
    What is the point in a library when you can't read the source?
    Aviod virus. Boil your PC before using it.
    "The Pleasure Of Finding Things Out" - Richard P. Feynman
    "They have the Internet on computers now?" --Homer Simpson
    "You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'." --Homer Simpson
    Somewhere, there is a very fat and very naked hairy man jumping up and down in the shower singing a country song. Think about that the next time you ask to be omniscient.
    Bug, n: An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect. The activity of 'debugging,' or removing bugs from a program, ends when people get tired of doing it, not when the bugs are removed.
    Not all questions need asking to be answered. Not all truths need telling to be known. -ndb
    We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgement.
    I once heard the voice of God. It said "Vrrrrmmmmm." Unless it was just a lawn mower.
    We've got to do something. This is something. Let's do it. (from Yes Minister, I think)
    I wasn't looking too good, but I was feeling real well...
    Xenophobes should go back to Xenophobia!
    They say that if you play the WinMe CD backwards, you can hear satanic words ... but what's actually worse is, if you play it forwards it installs Windows.
    I will not be pushed, filed, stamped, indexed, briefed, debriefed or numbered...I am not a number! I am a free man!
    / is the root of /all/evil
    Real programmers use "copy con: > program.exe"
    Even hard work is a skill
    "A botnet is comparable to compulsory military service for windows boxes" - Stromberg
    God must love stupid people, he made so many of them.
    Man must love stupid Gods, he made so many of them.
    Microsoft's communication protocols are simple internet standards obfuscated in complex RPC calls - Microsoft calls this its intellectual property crown jewels. (Andrew Orlowski, The Register)
    Bugs have a lot of offspring (please squash them fast).
    Some people believe that religion is a choice
    Go home bugs, nothing to see here
    To debug or not to debug
    "Conscience doesn't always keep you from doing wrong, but it does keep you from enjoying it"
    If it weren't for INsanity, I'd have no sanity at all! -- Daniel Santos, 1994
    If it weren't for NONsense, I'd make no sense at all! -- Daniel Santos, 2004
    Subject: JVM' sperm size always increase after hot deploy to tomcat 5.0.28 (Seen on tomcat-user list, April 2005)
    83.2 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
    Winners never quit , Quitters never win ,But people who never wins and never quit are fools
    If you can stop the moon, you don't stop me now!
    Good judgement comes with experience. Unfortunately, the experience usually comes from bad judgement.
    Who cares, anyway?
    Improve your IQ - eat gifted kids
    Monkeys are always funny. Really.
    Is there life after /sbin/halt -p?
    One bug a day keeps a programmer healthy
    Don"t debug today what you could debug tomorrow, later or never
    the box said: "Requires Windows9x,Me,Nt,2000 or better" . So I installed Linux !
    bug anyone ?
    A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention in human history, with the possible exception of handguns and tequila. - Mitch Radcliffe
    It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC; as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. -- Edsger Dijkstra
    The 90-90 Rule: The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time.
    If there are two or more ways to do something, and one of those ways can result in a catastrophe, then someone will do it. -- Murphy's Law
    Finangle's Law of Dynamic Negatives: Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong.
    Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. -- Rich Cook
    An idiot with a computer is a faster, better idiot. -- Rich Julius
    If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
    How's my driver? Call 0x00000000
    do() || do_not(); // try();
    There's no place like 127.0.0.1
    its not whats on the outside its the inside that counts :D !!wink wink :D
    Programming is hard? Of course its hard! If it were easy, they wouldn't need us!
    Mmmmmmmmmm pie
    If your selling crazy, don't bother, we're all stocked up here
    Jesus is coming! ... try to look busy.
    The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
    Got bugs?
    If I had wheels, I would be a bicycle.
    Worse than an idiot is an idiot with enthusiasm.
    Lets chase out the bugs guys!!!
    It is simple ... We are where we should be, doing what we should be doing. Otherwise, we'd be somewhere else, doing something else. -- Stein
    My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
    If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
    Why can't you be a non-conformist like anyone else?
    For reasons beyond my control, I am the Master of my Soul and the Captain of my Destiny
    What do I think of Western civilisation? I think it would be a very good idea. -- Mahatma Gandhi
    You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
    Fire in the hole!!!
    if evening sun is shining, have dwarfs long shadows too
    The Golden Age : All people have one or more golden teeth.
    I'm tryin' ta think but nothin' happens!
    Sanitized for your protection.
    A unix webserver is like a wigwam - no windows, no gates, apache inside.
    42
    Who hid my keyboard?
    I do more work all day than some people do before 5 AM
    I don't need time. What I need is a deadline. -- Miles Davis
    Your browser do not support html pages. Please, render it with paper and pencil.
    Weekee! Weekee! Here's a bug!
    Patience has its limits. Take it too far, and it's cowardice.
    I'm quipless
    stay calm
    He is who is not honest in small things, cannot be honest in larger things
    A bug is a bug is a bug.
    pizza tastes like cheese and cheese tastes like pizza
    By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day.
    If you love something, set it free. If it comes back to you, it's yours, if it doesn't, it never was.
    It was like this when I got here...
    If you love something, set it free. If it doesn't come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.
    Anybody want a peanut?
    If anything can go wrong, it will (Murphy's law) ... Murphy was an optimist!
    Feature, not a bug !
    Self confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings
    It works on my machine ...
    Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -Geo. Patton
    To understand recursion, we must first understand recursion.
    What goes up, must come down. Ask any system administrator.
    We are not human beings going through a temporary spiritual experience...We are spiritual beings going through a temporary human experience...
    Why don't cannibals like comedians? They taste funny.
    Go back to work, you are not paid to read quips from bugzilla
    The answer is 34.
    The real problem is between the keyboard and the chair
    Let's work? :)
    All isn't well even if it ends well
    Only the type of bug changes. The number of bugs always remain constant.
    You are living proof that God has a sense of humor.
    [some_noob] How do I become a kernel hacker?\n[some_guru] vi /vmlinuz
    True programmers never die, they just branch to an odd address
    Computers are not intelligent, but they think they are.
    Contrary to popular belief, UNIX is user friendly. It's just very particular about who it makes friends with.
    Try not to look sulky and very serious for a change
    Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind. --Donald E. Knuth (In The TeXbook, p. 9)
    "There are two types of programming languages; the ones that people bitch about and the ones that no one uses." --Bjarne Stroustrup
    There is no spoon
    No, not me !
    Live well, and love well... And when you reach the top of happiness, remember the those who always wished it for you.
    Do you feel more like you do now than you did when you first got here?
    Better do action then complain
    Take a deep breath, NOW!
    Goonies never say die.
    There is no try, only do
    I say that application is exceptional because it always throws a lot of exceptions.
    Don't you know that in some cultures bugs are cooked and eaten? :P
    Pang is the past tense of ping
    Need another Gin&Tonic?
    All your bugs are belong to us!
    To debug or not to bug, that is the question!
    Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them. /Orwell
    Quick quips are well-equipped with quacking nonsense.
    be() || !be() ? true : false
    The difference between insanity and genius is measured by success
    Nothing, is impossible... Everything, is possible...including buggy fixes
    The only job you can start at the top is digging a hole
    All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost.
    Knock knock. Who's there? The interrupting cow. The interru--Moooooooo!
    "Zarro Boogs found." Bugzilla is like an old uncle who tells the same corny joke every time you see him.
    Reality bites...
    God is real, unless declared integer.
    Life is Pain but without any Gain, Your highness
    Performance is not a checkbox somewhere in Options dialog.
    When using your debugger, consider who the bugger was that buggered things up.
    Oh...is this a bug now??!!! It was called a change request the last time I checked!
    Failure is not an option, it comes bundled with Windows!
    Sunsets are not valued because we could not pay for sunsets.
    Laziness is the tendency to rest without having done any work. ---Immanuel Kant
    I do not eat simply chocolate. I give calories a at home.
    For a moment, nothing happened.Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen. -- Douglas Adams
    Working As Designed
    Go home bugs, nothing to see here!
    There are 2 kinds of people, one who works, and one who takes credit for the others work, I prefer to be in the first group as there is less competition - Indira Gandhi
    It's not a bug. It's an undocumented feature.
    Second law of thermodynamics: Chaos Will Reign.

